<Schedule>
9:30~10:30 : InfoQ Filterting


11:30 스쿼시 강습

14:00 Elastic TechX (3시간반 듣고 바로 넘어가야 할듯..) 
16:40 영화 터널 관람 (메가박스, 강남역 9번출구)
19:30 DG Study



<Todo>
https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/
http://sahatyalkabov.com/create-a-character-voting-app-using-react-nodejs-mongodb-and-socketio/













https://www.infoq.com/news/2016/08/spring5-m1?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=08162016news | Updated Spring 5.0 Roadmap and Reactive Story Presented at SpringOne

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/buffer-culture?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=08162016news | Learnings from a Culture-First Start-up










https://www.infoq.com/presentations/script-eclipse-python-ease?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=06282016news&utm_content=a | Scripting Eclipse with Python
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/apache-ignite?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=06282016news&utm_content=a | Introducing Apache Ignite
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/predictive-intelligence-engine?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=06282016news&utm_content=a | Building a Predictive Intelligence Engine
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/db-11500-api?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_architecture-design&utm_campaign=07052016news | APIs in the Real World - Insights from a DB of 11,500 APIs
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/data-mining-machine-learning?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=07052016news | Online Data Mining and Machine Learning
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/functional-history-highlights?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=07122016news | Why Functional Programming Matters
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/jsdt?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=07122016news | Improvements for Eclipse JavaScript Tooling
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/react-native?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_mobile&utm_campaign=07122016news | React Native: A Better Way to Do Mobile
https://www.infoq.com/articles/tools-remote-collaborate?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=07122016news | 10 Tools to Help Remote Web Developers Collaborate with Their Team
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/panel-business-data-science?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=07122016news | Solving Business Problems with Data Science
https://www.infoq.com/news/2016/07/samsung-joyent-cloud?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_devops&utm_campaign=07122016news | Samsung Acquires Cloud Provider Joyent

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/pony?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=06072016news&utm_content=a | Using Pony for Fintech
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/react-reconciliation?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=06142016news&utm_content=a | React.js Reconciliation
https://www.infoq.com/articles/pair-programming-no-panacea?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=06142016news&utm_content=a | Pair Programming Is No Panacea
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/government-open-data-api?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=06142016news&utm_content=a | APIs, Spreadsheets & Drinking Fountains: Using Open Data in Real Life
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/minimal-code-documentation?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=06212016news&utm_content=a | Documentation Avoidance for Programmers
https://www.infoq.com/interviews/wynne-tooke-mob-programming?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=06072016news&utm_content=a | Matt Wynne & Steve Tooke on Remote Mob Programming
https://www.infoq.com/articles/exercises-building-better-teams?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=06072016news&utm_content=a | Exercises for Building Better Teams
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/numenta-anomaly-benchmark?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=06072016news&utm_content=a | Detecting Anomalies in Streaming Data, Evaluating Algorithms for Real-World Use

https://www.infoq.com/news/2016/05/google-firebase?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_mobile&utm_campaign=05242016news | Google Firebase - a Complete Back-End Solution for Mobile and Web
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/api-zendesk?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_architecture-design&utm_campaign=05242016news | API or Die Trying
https://www.infoq.com/articles/outsource-help-hurt?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=05242016news | Outsourcing Software Development to a Global Talent Pool: World of Help or World of Hurt?
https://www.infoq.com/articles/Living-Matrix-Bytecode-Manipulation?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=05312016news&utm_content=a | Living in the Matrix with Bytecode Manipulation

https://www.infoq.com/articles/express-js-in-action?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=05102016news | Q&A on Express.js with Evan Hahn
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/agari-resilient-predictive-data-pipes?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=05102016news | Resilient Predictive Data Pipelines
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/big-data-misconceptions?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=05102016news | Big-Data Analytics Misconceptions
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/jvm-osgi?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=05172016news | Modular Java Applications with OSGi
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/clojure-core-functions-2016?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=05172016news | Understanding Core Clojure Functions
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/es6-features?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=05172016news | A Browse Through ES6
https://www.infoq.com/articles/apache-spark-machine-learning?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=05172016news | Big Data Processing with Apache Spark - Part 4: Spark Machine Learning
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/python-fraud-detection?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=05172016news | Hunting Criminals with Hybrid Analytics

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/code-mutate-test?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=04262016news | Mutate Your Code and Reveal Your True Test Coverage
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/react-native-redux-relay-graphql?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=04262016news | React Native in Production
https://www.infoq.com/news/2016/04/ddd-microservices-evans?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_architecture-design&utm_campaign=04262016news | Domain-Driven Design and Microservices
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/patterns-data-workflows?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=04262016news | The Mechanics of Testing Large Data Pipelines
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/reactive-sytems-pharmaceutical-industry?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=05032016news | Reactive Systems: From Drug Development to Functional Programming
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/eclipse-neon-product?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=05032016news | Let's Treat Eclipse Neon More Like a Product
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/rxjava-swt?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=05032016news | RxJava and SWT: Out with Events, in with FRP
https://www.infoq.com/articles/why-wont-pair?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=05032016news | Why Won’t They Pair?
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/comcast-big-data-ml?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=05032016news | How Comcast Uses Data Science and ML to Improve the Customer Experience
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/google-cloud-dataflow?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_devops&utm_campaign=05032016news | https://www.infoq.com/presentations/google-cloud-dataflow?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_devops&utm_campaign=05032016news

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/multiple-languages-platforms-stacks?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=04052016news | Why We Do Tech the Way We Do Tech Now?
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/cyber-dojo-2?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=04052016news | Cyber-dojo: Executing Your Code for Fun and Not-for Profit!, Part 2
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/engineer-practices-techniques?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=04052016news | Engineering You
https://www.infoq.com/articles/High-load-transactions-Reveno-CQRS-Event-sourcing-framework?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=04052016news | High Load Trading Transaction Processing with Reveno CQRS/Event Sourcing Framework
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/spring-framework-5?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=04052016news | Spring Framework 5 - Preview & Roadmap
https://www.infoq.com/articles/balancing-unit-and-end-to-end-tests?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=04052016news | Full Stack Testing: Balancing Unit and End-to-End Tests
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/stream-analytics-scalability?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=04052016news | Rethinking Streaming Analytics for Scale
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/graph-fraud-detection?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=04052016news | Real-Time Fraud Detection with Graphs

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/spring-boot-selenium?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=03222016news | Testing your Spring Boot Application with Selenium
https://www.infoq.com/articles/websocket-and-http2-coexist?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=03222016news | Will WebSocket survive HTTP/2?
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/comparing-angular-ember-react?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=03222016news | Comparing Hot JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS, Ember.js and React.js
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/design-thinking-customer-centric?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=03222016news | Go On, Say Yes, And…
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/build-right-thing?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=03222016news | Why Building the Right Thing Means Building the Thing Right
https://www.infoq.com/articles/spark-in-action-book-review?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=03222016news | Spark in Action Book Review & Interview

https://www.infoq.com/articles/all-about-java-lambdas?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=03152016news | Book Review: All About Java 8 Lambdas
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/microservices-spring-boot-integration?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=03152016news | Microservices to FastData in the Enterprise with Spring
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/spring-noxml?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=03152016news | #NoXML: Eliminating XML in Your Spring Projects
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/microservices-rest?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_architecture-design&utm_campaign=03152016news | The Simple Life of ReSTful Microservices
https://www.infoq.com/articles/api-facades?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_architecture-design&utm_campaign=03152016news | One API, Many Facades?
https://www.infoq.com/articles/testers-TDD-teams?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=03152016news | Testers in TDD teams

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/r-gemfire-spring-xd?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_architecture-design&utm_campaign=01262016news | Implementing a Highly Scalable Stock Prediction System with R, GemFire and Spring XD
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/machine-learning-jawbone?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=01262016news | Dino DNA! Health Identity from the Wrist @Jawbone
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/c-rust-go?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_development&utm_campaign=02092016news | Have Native Languages Returned? (TL;DR: Yes)
https://www.infoq.com/articles/IAP-Fast-HTTP-Alternative?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=02092016news | IAP: Fast, Versatile Alternative to HTTP
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/spring-boot-web?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=02092016news | Intro to Spring Boot for the Web Tier
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/hazelcast-distributed-system?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=02092016news | Distributed Java Systems in Minutes with Hazelcast
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/cloud-spring-tool-suite-eclipse?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_java&utm_campaign=02092016news | Developing Cloud-native Applications with the Spring Tool Suite
https://www.infoq.com/articles/no-more-mvc-frameworks?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=02092016news | Why I No Longer Use MVC Frameworks
https://www.infoq.com/articles/book-review-visualization-examples?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_culture-methods&utm_campaign=02092016news | Q&A on the book Visualization Examples
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/influxdb-go?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_data-science&utm_campaign=02092016news | Experiences Building InfluxDB in Go
https://www.infoq.com/presentations/rxjs-5?utm_source=infoqWeeklyNewsletter&utm_medium=WeeklyNL_EditorialContent_dynamic_languages&utm_campaign=07192016news | RxJS 5 in Depth
https://www.infoq.com/articles/Apache-Tamaya-Configure-Once-Run-Everywhere | Configure Once, Run Everywhere: Decoupling Configuration and Runtime
